README.md, before:

# Applying Text-to-SQL in Process Mining: Leveraging Natural Language for Data Insights

This repository includes the resources referenced in the paper, as well as additional supplementary materials. Bellow the details of each resource:

- dataset: 
    - text2sql4pm.tsv: contains all data in tsv format file
    - gold_en.txt: contains the standard SQL statements for English language
    - gold_en.txt: contains the standard SQL statements for Portuguese language 

- results: evaluations of SQL statements generated by the models using OpenAI and Code representations with 0-shot and 1-shot prompt strategies. The results for both languages, English and Portuguese are available in their respective folders. Each strategy used are identified by the folder name and contains the same structure.
    - questions.json: contains the prompts to ask models to generate SQL statements
    - RESULTS_MODEL-gemini-1.0-pro.txt: SQL statements generated by Gemini-1.0 Pro model
    - RESULTS_MODEL-gpg-3.5-turbo.txt: SQL statements generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo model
    - RESULTS_MODEL-Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct.txt: SQL statements generated by Llama3-8B Instruct
    - evaluations:
        - scores_cr_gemini10_EM: evaluation results on Exact Match Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Gemini-1.0 Pro 
        - scores_cr_gemini10_EX: evaluation results on Execution Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Gemini-1.0 Pro 
        - scores_cr_gpt35_EM: evaluation results on Exact Match Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo 
        - scores_cr_gpt35_EX: evaluation results on Execution Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo 
        - scores_cr_llama3_EM: evaluation results on Exact Match Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Llama3-8B Instruct
        - scores_cr_llama3_EX: evaluation results on Execution Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Llama3-8B Instruct

Commit message:

scripts used to analyse the results and generate the graphs

README.md, after:

# Applying Text-to-SQL in Process Mining: Leveraging Natural Language for Data Insights

This repository includes the resources referenced in the paper, as well as complementary content. Bellow the details of each resource:

- dataset: 
    - text2sql4pm.tsv: contains all data in tsv format file
    - gold_en.txt: contains the standard SQL statements for English language
    - gold_en.txt: contains the standard SQL statements for Portuguese language 

- results: evaluations of SQL statements generated by the models using OpenAI and Code representations with 0-shot and 1-shot prompt strategies. The results for both languages, English and Portuguese are available in their respective folders. Each strategy used are identified by the folder name and contains the same structure.
    - questions.json: contains the prompts to ask models to generate SQL statements
    - RESULTS_MODEL-gemini-1.0-pro.txt: SQL statements generated by Gemini-1.0 Pro model
    - RESULTS_MODEL-gpg-3.5-turbo.txt: SQL statements generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo model
    - RESULTS_MODEL-Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct.txt: SQL statements generated by Llama3-8B Instruct
    - evaluations:
        - scores_cr_gemini10_EM: evaluation results on Exact Match Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Gemini-1.0 Pro 
        - scores_cr_gemini10_EX: evaluation results on Execution Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Gemini-1.0 Pro 
        - scores_cr_gpt35_EM: evaluation results on Exact Match Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo 
        - scores_cr_gpt35_EX: evaluation results on Execution Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo 
        - scores_cr_llama3_EM: evaluation results on Exact Match Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Llama3-8B Instruct
        - scores_cr_llama3_EX: evaluation results on Execution Accuracy metric of SQL statements generated by Llama3-8B Instruct

- scripts:

## Complementary content

This section contains details of each SQL pattern template founded and the complete results of models evaluations using Exact Match Accuracy (EM) and Execution Accuracy (EX) metrics for both languages, English and Portuguese.
